---
extends: _layouts.post
title: The Digital Revolution in Public Administration - Integrating e-Cidade with LibreSign
author: Daiane Alves
date: 2024-07-25
description:  Discover the main benefits of integrating e-Cidade with LibreSign and see how this partnership is transforming the digitalization of municipalities, promoting agility, security, and sustainability.
---

e-Cidade is a system that modernizes and streamlines the administrative processes of Brazilian municipalities, promoting the digitalization of public administration. Used in several municipalities, it encompasses everything from financial and human resources management to school administration.

To expand its functionalities, there was a need to integrate e-Cidade with a legally valid electronic signature system, aiming to expedite online transactions. LibreSign was selected for its reliability, security, and compliance with Brazilian legal requirements. Here are some advantages:

**Process automation:** 
LibreSign speeds up manual document processes such as appropriations, contracts, agreements, and authorizations, reducing the time to complete transactions and allowing public employees to focus on higher-impact activities.

**Security:** 
By using e-CPF, e-CNPJ, or certificates generated by the system itself, LibreSign ensures the integrity and authenticity of documents.

**ICP-Brazil compliance:** 
Ensures that all electronic signatures comply with ICP-Brazil standards, guaranteeing the legality of the processes.

**Sustainability:** 
Reduces paper usage, contributing to environmental sustainability and minimizing the waste of natural resources.

## Impact on public administration

<br>

The union of LibreSign with e-Cidade transforms public administration, making it more secure and sustainable. Municipalities can offer high-quality services to citizens, minimizing delays and bureaucracy, and contributing to environmental preservation.

Want to learn more about this integration?

Join the e-Cidade community event on 07/31 at 7:00 PM and discover how the integration of LibreSign can revolutionize public administration.

The event is free and will be held in the community's Telegram group: [eCidadeCE](https://t.me/eCidadeCE)

Transform public administration with technology and innovation. Join us on this journey towards digital security and sustainability!